G'day, my name is David Shaw and I'm the Secretary of Aerospace Education Competitions,
the non-profit that runs the International Space Settlement Design Competition.
I'm one of the many volunteers around the globe that makes this event happen.
I often get asked why I choose to invest my time here.
The answer is simple, design competitions are unique and they work.
There is nothing else like them in the education sphere.
We provide high school students the opportunity to learn what it's like to work in the space
sector and give them the chance to practice hands-on STEM well before university, let
alone the workplace.
And if you want an example of the success of our events, look no further.
That's right.
Back in 2003, I was one of the team members that was invited to the Kennedy Space Centre
as the first ever finalist team from the Southern Hemisphere.
And at the time, I can remember I was at high school, I wasn't sure if I wanted to study
law or engineering when I went to university.
During the ISSDC finals, not only was I mentored by an engineer who had worked on Apollo, but
I spent a whole weekend being around other students just like me.
And from that moment on, law was out, engineering was in, and I'm now where I am today in no
small part due to my experience at the ISSDC finals.
So why do I volunteer?
Because this event changed my life and if I can give back and help just one student
change their life, then it's worth it.